# Image Classification using AWS SageMaker

Use AWS Sagemaker to train a pretrained model that can perform image classification by using the Sagemaker profiling, debugger, hyperparameter tuning and other good ML engineering practices. This can be done on either the provided dog breed classication data set or one of your choice.

## Project Set Up and Installation
Enter AWS through the gateway in the course and open SageMaker Studio. 
Download the starter files.
Download/Make the dataset available. 

## Dataset
The provided dataset is the dogbreed classification dataset which can be found in the classroom.
The project is designed to be dataset independent so if there is a dataset that is more interesting or relevant to your work, you are welcome to use it to complete the project.

### Access
Upload the data to an S3 bucket through the AWS Gateway so that SageMaker has access to the data. 

## Hyperparameter Tuning
What kind of model did you choose for this experiment and why? Give an overview of the types of parameters and their ranges used for the hyperparameter search

Remember that your README should:
- Include a screenshot of completed training jobs
- Logs metrics during the training process
- Tune at least two hyperparameters
- Retrieve the best best hyperparameters from all your training jobs

## Debugging and Profiling

- I did use hooks from the SageMaker modules that automagically corrects weights to avoid undesirable effects as vanishing gradients, overfitting, overtraining or poor weight initialization

### Results
- the results/insights I got by profiling/debugging my model

img src=imagescrossentropy.png width=80%


- The profiler report is generated by the SageMaker debugger can be seen here [here](profilerprofiler-report.html)


## Model Deployment
- i tried the easy way which is  
brestimator.deploy(instance_count, instance_Type)br
- but got error and according to the answer in this link #https://knowledge.udacity.com/questions/841695
- i used this ways from the next course in this nanodegree:
img src=deployment.png width=70%

img src=endpoint.png width=70%